== README - GW2 Gourmet

© 2014 Mikołaj Kamiński

This is a Guild Wars 2 fan application. Obligatory legal notice follows:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

© 2014 ArenaNet, LLC. All rights reserved. NCSOFT, the interlocking NC 
logo, ArenaNet, Guild Wars, Guild Wars Factions, Guild Wars Nightfall, 
Guild Wars: Eye of the North, Guild Wars 2, and all associated logos and 
designs are trademarks or registered trademarks of NCSOFT Corporation. All 
other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

With that out of the way, here's what this app is supposed to do.

a) search the item database (obtained from the GW2 API) and return food
   items that fit the criteria; this was the first and main purpose of
   my app as I couldn't find a site with a convenient consumable search
   engine;
b) help with discovering new recipes by listing all recipes using a given
   ingredient, with ability to switch back and forth between the recipe
   list and specific items' details;
c) provide details on foodstuffs and ingredients; currently only provides
   stat boost and recipe data; prices, drop info, vendor locations and so
   on are planned for subsequent updates.
d) allow for item commenting and rating by users.

Some more features I want to add sooner or later (preferably sooner), in 
no particular order:

a) GW2Spidy API integration - up-to-date prices for everything. 'Nuff said.
b) 0-400 Chef leveling guides, including the cheapest possible guide
   dynamically generated based on GW2Spidy price data and the "discover-
   -only" guide where crafting experience is earned (almost) solely by 
   way of discovering new recipes.
c) inclusion of consumables from other crafting disciplines - Maintenance
   Oils, Sharpening Stones, potions and so on. Also vendor-only 
   consumables.
d) a huge code rewrite, to turn the rushed and inelegant hack job this app
   unfortunately is into something that hopefully won't give another
   programmer a heart attack upon a peek under the hood. Should also run
   faster afterwards.
e) information on where and how to get each and every item (and how much),
   with particular focus on consumables, ingredients and recipe unlocks.
f) recipe checklists linked to the user account, for the completists who
   just have to unlock everything there is to unlock.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regarding Ruby and Rails versions, system requirements, database creation,
etc. stuff which should appear in the readme file:

This app was created as a course project for the purpose of learning Ruby
on Rails. It's also meant to showcase my Rails skills for potential
employers. What it's not meant for by any means, is for cloning and
developing further on your own; that's also why there is no license
attached.

GW2 Gourmet utilizes the full Guild Wars 2 item database obtained from
the game's API. It's absolutely huge, just seeding the db with all this 
data took about 35-40 hours. If you do not REALLY need to mirror this site 
(as it will be soon deployed to a regular web server), do not try this at 
home. Take my word for it, it's not really that much fun. At all.

To sum it all up, this repository is provided solely for evaluation
purposes. If you want to actually use the app (hey, great! Mission
accomplished!), you'll be much better off waiting until I bring it online
(which will most likely be the time this repo goes private for security
reasons anyway).